Adds policy report output support for falcosidekick (#256)
falcosecurity/falcosidekick: README.md

- [**GCP Cloud Run**](https://cloud.google.com/run)
- [**GCP Cloud Functions**](https://cloud.google.com/functions)
- [**Fission**](https://fission.io)

> - [**Policy Report**]()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Policy Report**](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/wg-policy-prototypes/tree/master/policy-report)
```

- **Webhook**
- [**WebUI**](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falcosidekick-ui) (a Web UI for displaying latest events in real time)

> **Other**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Other
```

  # checkcert: true # check if ssl certificate of the output is valid (default: true)
  # mutualtls: false # if true, checkcert flag will be ignored (server cert will always be checked)

policyreport:
  enabled: "" # Name of Fission function, if not empty, Fission is enabled
  kubeconfig: "fission" # Namespace of Fission Router, "fission" (default)
  warning: "router" # Service of Fission Router, "router" (default)

>   maxreports: 80 # Port of service of Fission Router

Reviewer: can you review the comments please

Author: Yes @lssif, I am sorry I missed this.

  # mutualtls: false # if true, checkcert flag will be ignored (server cert will always be checked)

policyreport:

>   enabled: false  #if true policyreport output is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  enabled: false #if true policyreport output is enabled
```

>   kubeconfig: "~/.kube/config"  # Kubeconfig file to use (only if falcoside is running outside the cluster)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kubeconfig: "~/.kube/config" # Kubeconfig file to use (only if falcosidekick is running outside the cluster)
```

>  failthreshold: 4 #events with priority above this specified integer are mapped to false and lower that those are mapped to warn (default=4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 failthreshold: 4 # events with a priority above this threshold are mapped to false and lower are mapped to warn (default=4)
```

the key name contains `fail` but the description talks about `false`, what's the correct semantic?

>   maxevents: 100 #the max number of events that can be in a policyreport(default=10)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  maxevents: 10 # max number of events per report (default=10)
```

  # checkcert: true # check if ssl certificate of the output is valid (default: true)
  # minimumpriority: "debug" # minimum priority of event for using this output, order is emergency|alert|critical|error|warning|notice|informational|debug or "" (default)

policyreport:
  enabled: false  # if true; policyreport output is enabled
  kubeconfig: "~/.kube/config"  # Kubeconfig file to use (only if falcosidekick is running outside the cluster)

>  failthreshold: 4 # events with a priority above this threshold are mapped to fail in PolicyReport Summary and lower that those are mapped to warn (default=4)

Author: I have pushed all the changes except this one, I will work on this and try to push the commit this weekend.
Thank you very much for the suggestion!

>  failthreshold: 4 # events with a priority above this threshold are mapped to fail in PolicyReport Summary and lower that those are mapped to warn (default=4)

Author: So with that instead of `failthreshold` we will just have `minimumpriority`

  # checkcert: true # check if ssl certificate of the output is valid (default: true)
  # minimumpriority: "debug" # minimum priority of event for using this output, order is emergency|alert|critical|error|warning|notice|informational|debug or "" (default)

policyreport:
  enabled: false  # if true; policyreport output is enabled
  kubeconfig: "~/.kube/config"  # Kubeconfig file to use (only if falcosidekick is running outside the cluster)
  minimumpriority: "debug" # events with a priority above this are mapped to fail in PolicyReport Summary and lower that those are mapped to warn (default="")

>   maxevents: 1000 # the max number of events that can be in a policyreport (default=10)
>   prunebypriority : false # if true; the events with lowest severity are pruned first, in FIFO order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  maxevents: 1000 # the max number of events that can be in a policyreport (default=1000)
  prunebypriority: false # if true; the events with lowest severity are pruned first, in FIFO order (default: false)
```

  # checkcert: true # check if ssl certificate of the output is valid (default: true)
  # minimumpriority: "debug" # minimum priority of event for using this output, order is emergency|alert|critical|error|warning|notice|informational|debug or "" (default)

policyreport:
  enabled: false  # if true; policyreport output is enabled
  kubeconfig: "~/.kube/config"  # Kubeconfig file to use (only if falcosidekick is running outside the cluster)
  minimumpriority: "debug" # events with a priority above this are mapped to fail in PolicyReport Summary and lower that those are mapped to warn (default="")

>   maxevents: 1000 # the max number of events that can be in a policyreport (default=1000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  maxevents: 1000 # the max number of events that can be in a policyreport (default: 1000)
```

Author: done @Issif, apologies for the delay

>   prunebypriority : false # if true; the events with lowest severity are pruned first, in FIFO order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  prunebypriority: false # if true; the events with lowest severity are pruned first, in FIFO order
```

- **SYSLOG_PROTOCOL**: Syslog transport protocol. It can be either "tcp" or "udp"
- **SYSLOG_MINIMUMPRIORITY**: minimum priority of event for using this output, order is emergency|alert|critical|error|warning|notice|informational|debug or "" (default: "debug")

- **POLICYREPORT_ENABLED**: if true policyreport output is enabled (default: `false`)
- **POLICYREPORT_KUBECONFIG**: Kubeconfig file to use (only if falcosidekick is running outside the cluster)
- **POLICYREPORT_MINIMUMPRIORITY**: events with priority above this are mapped to fail in PolicyReport summary and lower that those are mapped to warn 
- **POLICYREPORT_MAXEVENTS**: the max number of events that can be per report (default=1000)

> - **POLICYREPORT_PRUNEBYPRIORITY**: if true; the events with lowest severity are pruned first, in FIFO order(default=false)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **POLICYREPORT_PRUNEBYPRIORITY**: if true; the events with lowest severity are pruned first, in FIFO order (default: false)
```

- **SYSLOG_PROTOCOL**: Syslog transport protocol. It can be either "tcp" or "udp"
- **SYSLOG_MINIMUMPRIORITY**: minimum priority of event for using this output, order is emergency|alert|critical|error|warning|notice|informational|debug or "" (default: "debug")

- **POLICYREPORT_ENABLED**: if true policyreport output is enabled (default: `false`)
- **POLICYREPORT_KUBECONFIG**: Kubeconfig file to use (only if falcosidekick is running outside the cluster)
- **POLICYREPORT_MINIMUMPRIORITY**: events with priority above this are mapped to fail in PolicyReport summary and lower that those are mapped to warn 
- **POLICYREPORT_MAXEVENTS**: the max number of events that can be per report (default=1000)

> - **POLICYREPORT_PRUNEBYPRIORITY**: if true; the events with lowest severity are pruned first, in FIFO order(default=false)

Author: Done @Issif 
Thank you very much for your review!

![google chat text example](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falcosidekick/raw/master/imgs/google_chat_example.png)

## Installing Policy Report Custom Resource Definition (CRD)

> Information about how to find and install the CRD for the reports can be found[ here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/wg-policy-prototypes/tree/master/policy-report#installing). While using Policy Report output for Falcosidekick installing Policy Report Custom Resource Definition (CRD) is a prerequisite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information about how to find and install the CRD for the reports can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/wg-policy-prototypes/tree/master/policy-report#installing). Installation of the Policy Report Custom Resource Definition (CRD) is a prerequisite for using Policy Report output.
```
